[Music]
inside e.l.f Lennox we're going inside
the basketball team isn't prepared
the water is mid week ends when I say
inside
so here we go keys for us containing
penetration you know last game that's
started they got a lot of open shots off
penetration we got to make sure we do
the job and keep guys in front of you so
they don't get open three-point looks
that's means to be smart about it so I
just was over in my office and I'm
walking through the tunnel and I see
Roman a woman's assistant basketball
coach and after we got out of here I'm
walking back to the locker room and I
see two women's basketball players
leaving the building or wherever they're
going and I saw that look and I know how
they felt I don't want to feel that way
I don't want to feel that way after this
game I want to feel like we gave it all
we got and we got a W in the only way
you don't feel that way
you go out and you give it everything
you got you go out and you play like
five guys at a time on the court let's
go
[Applause]
big weekend in a league championship
race with Princeton and Penn intent
we came in with a lot of energy but we
didn't play as smart as we usually do we
made a lot of mental errors which led to
open threes and open shots and once they
got going it was hard to come back from
that
although the Bulldogs put together some
runs but still trail by nine at halftime
second half Yael show some signs of the
combat
but Princeton is hot from long-range
shooting to hold on for the win
I play whether you want to lose you got
to forget about and you got to move on
and you have to be able to bounce back
tomorrow or the day after that
yeah it's tough that's probably one of
the toughest things you really just have
to regroup and put it put it past you
and you can't be thinking about the last
game you just got to totally focus on
the next game and then whether you win
or lose you're always a little bit more
tired a little bit more sore and a
little bit less prepared for that
Saturday game so there's those factors
that exist whether you win or lose
anyway so stuff ends a good team over to
be ready for them and we can't take them
lightly and we have to get up short
memory really just stay together I think
that's the biggest thing one when uh
when things kind of don't go away as
long as we stay together and really to
make sure that we are ready to fight you
know the next time we go out there we
need to be smarter you got all these
possessions in this game we're all reefs
all vocations on there the right way
that we practice every day we're in a
situation where we got guys on the weak
side
you know dribble penetration we got both
guys going leaving both guys on the weak
side open right we getting beat to the
middle of the floor and we got no help
so here's another switch possible like
we just stopped like what are we doing
Blake did you tell Sam to pick him up
yeah too late and now and then Trey your
weak side help I know you got candy the
score is two to three but you should
have a foot to pain and there's no help
but he gets all over the basket for a
dunk yeah you can step in and stunt down
right like he gets going like right here
start down maybe you slow him down and
maybe place able to pick him up right
but we don't do those things that this
is stuff we practice all the time
we have to make sure that we're ready to
pick ourselves up and what the most
important thing for us is to stay
together and believe in each other we
won 14 games this year we're in the top
half of this league race we have to
believe in each other we can't
self-destruct we have to stay on the
same page you guys all know the right
thing to do it's not like you don't know
it's not like we haven't practice it so
when I watch us have the wrong rotations
and guys not be in the same place it
directly it drives me crazy because I
know that we work on it every day I know
that you know what to do I know that you
know how to be the right way and you
move it but you're doing it the wrong
guys go at the wrong time and we're
giving stuff up we have opportunities
and the last two games to win both but
we let it slip away because we didn't
say it done together we just stay on the
same page and if you do if you do stay
together it gives you chances to be
successful it gives you chances but if
you don't if you wizard you splinter you
have no chance no one man here can do it
by themselves it's this group that's
going to get it done it's this group
it's all of us together then we'll get
it done or not put your arm around the
guys hopefully I'll take a rest but more
than that a doctor back attention :
early I don't really switch I'm Jackie
Sam switch I got to get my back I got
something a charge some energy we needed
from Walia se last one again we need it
from you every last one of you whether
you're playing or not every last one of
these guys gimme if we're gonna be any
good in a locker
I think there's certain times I get
excited and I show a motion to prove a
point that show guys where I met and
sometimes it just happens it's just like
you know I get to talking and moving
them the moment moves me and that's what
happens more often than not I get moved
by the moment it fires you up they get
to go and get ready to practice but
before practice on the court it's a
breakdown of the next opponent pen one
of misdirections
don't be fooled by your guys or you
cannot relax ton of wrinkles and what
they do now some of their shuffle stuff
okay they have every option in the book
here we show 101 of them all of them
here all right says regular shuffle
single remember egg Howard wants to
drive it the other guys are gonna come
off looking to shoot Howard's gonna come
off looking to drive it to his right and
we just have to be physical think about
how physical Princeton's guards were
with our bigs last night right here we
just whip and let him get a layup right
Mia you might have been able to pick up
a charge there if you have your feet set
and you're ready a lot of times it's
more work than the classroom because you
got to look at all the sky reports and
stuff like that and you go home we're
all expected to read up on and
everything like that but it's a little
more fun in class usually so it's not
too bad we're very very fortunate here
at Yale we have incredible kids who show
up every year and the older guys set the
tone as far as having relationships with
these guys I mean it's hard not to
they're the type of guys you want to
have any life let's go ahead make shots
should be working up a sweat should be
working up a sweat let's go jogging down
the other side let's go five minutes on
the clock
so normally we try to force guys
sideline baseline when they have the
ball right now when the ball screen
comes we try to get on this side so we
can force them in and get over the top
right so right now most of the time
they're not gonna get to a ball screen
most of time they're gonna slip well if
he starts to drive it I'm more in a
position to go because the guy's gonna
slip I'm more in position to stay in
front and if he goes baseline while I'm
in position it's taking that way as well
right so you understand what I'm saying
don't give them either way just kind of
stand in front of her make the gun I'm
just gonna I think that's important to
be able to talk to guys one-on-one not
the group you know we had some guys that
miss assignments last night and again
rather than point them out in front of
everybody where sometimes it's not the
best scenario for teaching you know you
get a guy on the side that way to either
take that lesson a little bit easier hey
we didn't pick this piece of waste
[Applause]
we're shooting ok formally at 11:30
before on three we're keen one two three
[Music]
the Quakers get off to a fast start
Bulldogs are able to erase a
double-digit deficit
[Applause]
but mistakes keep them from taking the
lead at the half
yeah I mean it's been a rough couple
games we got to figure out what's wrong
I don't think we come out the fire that
we usually do over the course of season
and obviously it didn't produce a great
result tonight down just one at halftime
the Bulldogs are very much in the game
but more mistakes and pen is able to
increase the lead and eventually win the
game
sometimes when it when things go south
guys feel like that do it on their own
and we certainly I certainly felt that
way tonight and we got to get back to
trying to do it together we have four
regular-season games to play and we will
certainly be in postseason we just got
to get to the point where we're playing
like we're supposed to
well the weekend certainly didn't turn
out how the Bulldogs had hoped but as
the coach said certainly there's plenty
more basketball to be played thank you
for tuning it to this edition of inside
Yale athletics sponsored by Under Armour
I'm no offense till next time we'll see
you on campus
[Music]